Now that we have successfully tested one query method, let's write a new test method to test one more
query method that we have in our user repository.
And this time try writing this test method on your own.
Let's open user repository for a moment.
So your goal will be to write a test method to test find by user ID query method.
The test method that you will create will be very similar to a test method that we have created for
the find by email query method.
So you will need to make sure that you have at least one user record in the database, but you can also
have two or three records as well.
And then in the ACT section of your test method, you will invoke this query method defined by user
ID, because this is going to be your method on the test.
And in the third section of your test method you will validate if the returned object contains correct
user ID.
I will also work on this same test method and in the following lesson I'll show you how I have implemented
it.
All right.
So post this video course now and as a practice exercise, create a new test method to validate if the
find by user ID query method works.